Design of Flash proxies

0. Problem statement

  Provide access to the Tor network for users behind a restrictive
  firewall that blocks direct access to all Tor relays and bridges.

1. Overview and background

  We assume the existence of an adversary powerful enough to enumerate
  and block all public and non-public (bridge) relays. For users facing
  such an adversary, we assume there exists a subset of reachable hosts
  that themselves can reach the Tor network. We call this subset the
  unrestricted Internet.

  A browser-based proxy (Flash proxy), running in a web page in the
  unrestricted Internet, proxies connections between the restricted
  Internet and the Tor network. These proxies are expected to be
  temporary and short-lived, but their number will be great enough that
  they can't all be blocked effectively.

  The implementation of a browser-based proxy using Adobe Flash or other
  networking technologies is complicated by restrictions that prevent it
  being a straightforward proxy. Chief among these is the lack of
  listening sockets. Flash and, for example, WebSockets, can only
  initiate outgoing connections, not receive incoming ones. The Flash
  proxy can only connect to external hosts by connecting directly to
  them. The other significant restriction is that the proxy cannot
  connect to just any destination: Adobe Flash player requires the
  server to provide a "crossdomain policy" allowing access. A third, but
  less important, restriction is that browser-based networking does not
  provide low-level socket access such as control of source address.

2. Components

  Conceptually, each Flash proxy is nothing more than a simple proxy,
  which accepts connections from a client and forwards data to a server.
  But because of the limited networking facilities available to an
  in-browser application, several other pieces are needed.

  1. Tor client: Is just ordinary Tor with a special configuration to
     allow it to connect through a Flash proxy. It advertises its need
     for a connection the the facilitator, and communicates with the
     Flash proxy through the connector.
  2. Connector: Runs on the same computer as the Tor client. It opens
     one socket to the Internet and another to localhost. It waits for a
     connection on both sockets, then starts proxying data between them.
     The connector speaks SOCKS on the localhost side so that Tor can
     connect to it using the Socks4Proxy configuration option. On
     startup, the connector informs the facilitator that it is waiting
     for a connection.
  3. Flash proxy: Runs in someone's browser, in an uncensored region of
     the Internet. The Flash proxy first connects to the facilitator to
     get a client registration. It then makes two outgoing connections,
     one to a Tor relay and one to a waiting Tor client, and starts
     proxying data between them.
  4. Facilitator: Keeps track of client registrations and hands them out
     to clients. It is capable of receiving client registrations in a
     variety of ways. It sends registrations to Flash proxies over HTTP.
     The facilitator is responsible for matching clients to proxies in a
     reasonable manner.
  5. Tor relay: An ordinary Tor relay with no special configuration
     apart from serving a crossdomain policy to allow Flash connections.

4. Sample session

  1. The restricted Tor user starts the connector program.
  2. The restricted user starts Tor, which makes a SOCKS connection to
     the connector.
  3. The connector notifies the facilitator that it needs a connection.
  4. An unrestricted user opens the web page containing the Flash proxy.
  5. The Flash proxy connects to the facilitator and asks for a client.
  6. The facilitator sends one of its client registrations to the proxy.
  7. The Flash proxy connects to a Tor relay and to the waiting client
     connector.
  8. The connector receives the Flash proxy's connection and begins
     relaying data between it and the Tor relay.

  Later, the Flash proxy may go offline. Assuming that another Flash
  proxy is available, it will receive the same client's address from the
  facilitator, and the local Tor client will reconnect to the client
  through it.

5. Behavior of the Tor client

  The Tor client must be configured to make its connections through a
  local proxy (the connector). This configuration is sufficient:
    UseBridges 1
    Bridge 127.0.0.1:9001
    Socks4Proxy 127.0.0.1:9001
  The address given for the "Bridge" option is actually irrelevant. The
  connector will ignore it and connect (through the Flash proxy) to a
  Tor relay. The Tor client does not have control of its first hop.

6. Behavior of the connector

  The connector serves two purposes: It sends a registration message to
  the facilitator and it carries data between a Flash proxy and the
  local Tor client.

  On startup, the connector sends a registration message to the
  facilitator, informing the facilitator that it is waiting for a
  connection. The facilitator will later hand this registration to a
  Flash proxy. The registration message is an HTTP POST request of the
  form:

    POST / HTTP/1.0

    client=[<address>]:<port>

  or the form:

    POST / HTTP/1.0

    client=[<rtmfp-id>]:<port>

  The facilitator sends a 200 reply if the registration was successful
  and an error status otherwise. If the connector omits the [<address>]
  part, the facilitator will automatically fill it in based on the HTTP
  client address, which means the connector doesn't have to know its
  external address.

  The connector solves the impedance mismatch between the Tor client and
  the Flash proxy, both of which want to make outgoing connections to
  the other. The connector sits in between, listens for connections from
  both ends, and matches them together. The remote socket listens on
  port 9000 and the local on port 9001.

  The connector can serve a crossdomain policy in response to a
  crossdomain request, allowing the Flash proxy to connect. On the local
  side, it acts as a SOCKS proxy (albeit one that always goes to the
  same destination).

7. Behavior of the Flash proxy

  The Flash proxy polls the facilitator for client registrations. When
  it receives a registration, it opens one connection to the given Tor
  relay, one to the given client, and begin proxying data between them.

  The proxy asks the facilitator for a registration with an HTTP GET
  request:

    GET / HTTP/1.0


  The response code is 200 and the body looks like this:

    client=[<address>:<port>]&relay=<address>:<port>

  or this:

    client=[<rtmfp-id>]&relay=<address>:<port>

  The facilitator keeps the HTTP session alive and does not send a
  registration until one is available.

  The Flash proxy may serve more than one relay–client pair at once.

8. Behavior of the facilitator

  The faciliator is a HTTP server that handles client POST registrations
  and proxy GET requests according to the formats given above. The
  facilitator listens on port 9002.

  In the current implementation, the facilitator forgets a client
  registration after giving it to a Flash proxy. The client must
  re-register if it wants another connection later.

9. Behavior of the Tor relay.

  The Tor relay requires no special configuration. It must also be
  running a program that serves a crossdomain policy to allow a Flash
  proxy to connect to it.
