Design of flash proxies

0. Problem statement

  Provide access to the Tor network for users behind a restrictive
  firewall that blocks direct access to all Tor relays and bridges.

1. Overview and background

  We assume the existence of an adversary powerful enough to enumerate
  and block all public and non-public (bridge) relays. For users facing
  such an adversary, we assume there exists a subset of reachable hosts
  that themselves can reach the Tor network. We call this subset the
  unrestricted Internet.

  A browser-based proxy (flash proxy), running in a web page in the
  unrestricted Internet, proxies connections between the restricted
  Internet and the Tor network. These proxies are expected to be
  temporary and short-lived, but their number will be great enough that
  they can't all be blocked effectively.

  The implementation of a browser-based proxy using WebSocket is
  complicated by restrictions that prevent it being a straightforward
  proxy. Chief among these is the lack of listening sockets. WebSocket
  can only initiate outgoing connections, not receive incoming ones. The
  flash proxy can only connect to external hosts by connecting directly
  to them. Another, but less important, restriction is that
  browser-based networking does not provide low-level socket access such
  as control of source address.

2. Components

  Conceptually, each flash proxy is nothing more than a simple proxy,
  which accepts connections from a client and forwards data to a server.
  But because of the limited networking facilities available to an
  in-browser application, several other pieces are needed.

  1. Tor client: with a ClientTransportPlugin config option to allow it to
     use the flashproxy transport client.
  2. Client transport plugin: Runs on the same computer as the Tor client.
     On startup, it registers with the facilitator to inform that it is
     waiting for a connection from a flash proxy. When this is received,
     it starts proxying data between it and the local Tor client.
  3. Flash proxy: Runs in someone's browser, in an uncensored region of
     the Internet. The flash proxy first connects to the facilitator to
     get a client registration. It then makes two outgoing connections,
     one to a Tor relay and one to a waiting Tor client, and starts
     proxying data between them.
  4. Facilitator: Keeps track of client registrations and hands them out
     to clients. It is capable of receiving client registrations in a
     variety of ways. It sends registrations to flash proxies over HTTP.
     The facilitator is responsible for matching clients to proxies in a
     reasonable manner.
  5. Tor relay: with a ServerTransportPlugin config option to allow it to
     use the flashproxy transport server.
  6. Server transport plugin: Waits for a connection from a flash proxy and
     proxies data between it and the local Tor relay.

3. Protocols

  The numbers refer to the same components as in sect 2 above. Arrows
  indicate the direction of the initial TCP connection.

  1>2. Pluggable transport, client-side. See core tor docs for details.
  2>4. Secure rendezvous using a variety of custom methods; see
       facilitator-howto.txt for details. This must be very hard to censor,
       e.g. using a popular web service over HTTPS.
  3>4. Custom protocol specific to flashproxy, where each flashproxy polls
       a facilitator for client registrations.
  2<3. WebSocket. This must be very hard to censor, which may require
       additional transformations to the underlying data stream. Note
       that this stream is controlled by the source client, not the flash
       proxy; in a plain flashproxy-only channel, it is as described in
       websocket-transport.txt.
  5<3. WebSocket.
  5>6. Pluggable transport, server-side. See core tor docs for details.

4. Sample session

  1. The restricted Tor user starts the client transport plugin.
  2. The client transport plugin notifies the facilitator that it needs
     a connection.
  3. The restricted user starts Tor, which connects to the client
     transport plugin.
  4. An unrestricted user opens the web page containing the flash proxy.
  5. The flash proxy connects to the facilitator and asks for a client.
  6. The facilitator sends one of its client registrations to the proxy.
  7. The flash proxy connects to a Tor relay and to the waiting client
     transport plugin.
  8. The client transport plugin receives the flash proxy's connection
     and begins relaying data between it and the Tor relay.

  Later, the flash proxy may go offline. Assuming that another flash
  proxy is available, it will receive the same client's address from the
  facilitator, and the local Tor client will reconnect to the client
  through it.

5. Behavior of the Tor client

  The Tor client must be configured to make its connections through a
  local proxy (the client transport plugin). This configuration is
  sufficient:
    ClientTransportPlugin flashproxy socks4 127.0.0.1:9001
    UseBridges 1
    Bridge flashproxy 0.0.1.0:1
    LearnCircuitBuildTimeout 0
  The address given for the "Bridge" option is actually irrelevant. The
  client transport plugin will ignore it and connect (through the flash
  proxy) to a Tor relay. The Tor client does not have control of its
  first hop.

6. Behavior of the client transport plugin

  The client transport plugin serves two purposes: It sends a
  registration message to the facilitator and it carries data between a
  flash proxy and the local Tor client.

  On startup, the client transport plugin sends a registration message
  to the facilitator, informing the facilitator that it is waiting for a
  connection. The facilitator will later hand this registration to a
  flash proxy. The registration message is an HTTP POST request of the
  form:

    POST / HTTP/1.0

    client=[<address>]:<port>

  The facilitator sends a 200 reply if the registration was successful
  and an error status otherwise. If the transport plugin omits the
  [<address>] part, the facilitator will automatically fill it in based
  on the HTTP client address, which means the transport plugin doesn't
  have to know its external address.

  The client transport plugin solves the impedance mismatch between the
  Tor client and the flash proxy, both of which want to make outgoing
  connections to the other. The transport plugin sits in between,
  listens for connections from both ends, and matches them together. The
  remote socket listens on port 9000 and the local on port 9001.

  On the local side, it acts as a SOCKS proxy (albeit one that always
  goes to the same destination).

7. Behavior of the flash proxy

  The flash proxy polls the facilitator for client registrations. When
  it receives a registration, it opens one connection to the given Tor
  relay, one to the given client, and begin proxying data between them.

  The proxy asks the facilitator for a registration with an HTTP GET
  request:

    GET / HTTP/1.0


  The response code is 200 and the body looks like this:

    client=[<address>:<port>]&relay=<address>:<port>

  If the value for the client parameter is empty, it means that there are no
  client registrations for this proxy.

  The flash proxy may serve more than one relay–client pair at once.

8. Behavior of the facilitator

  The faciliator is a HTTP server that handles client POST registrations
  and proxy GET requests according to the formats given above. The
  facilitator listens on port 9002.

  In the current implementation, the facilitator forgets a client
  registration after giving it to a flash proxy. The client must
  re-register if it wants another connection later.

9. Behavior of the Tor relay.

  The Tor relay requires no special configuration.
