These are instructions for setting up a Gmail account for use with the
email-based rendezvous and flashproxy-reg-email. These instructions were
current as of September 2012.

You may have trouble if you are using Tor to create the account, for two
reasons. The first is that exit nodes are a source of abuse and Google
is more suspicious of them. The second is that Gmail is suspicious and
can lock you out of the account when your IP address is changing. While
setting up the account, use a single node in your torrc ExitNodes
configuration. Choose a U.S. exit node, one of the ones with the lowest
bandwidth.

Go to https://mail.google.com/. Allow JavaScript to run. Click the
"CREATE AN ACCOUNT" button.

Enter the account details and click "Next Step".

What may go wrong is that after entering the account details you see a
screen "Verify your account" that asks for a mobile phone number. Try
again with a different low-bandwidth exit node. exit node, one of the
ones with the lowest bandwidth. Also, it may be my imagination, but
Gmail seems to be checking for user names that appear randomly
generated; try inserting vowels between your randomly generated
consonants to make the word pronouncable.

You may be gently forced into joining Google+ at this point; I think
that the Gmail account is already created, so you may be able to skip
Google+ by browsing back to https://mail.google.com/. If not, you can
delete the Google+ account by clicking on the account name from inside
of Gmail.

Log out of the account and log back in again. There will be new text in
the lower right reading "Recent Activity". Click "Details" and turn off
the suspicious activity warnings. This will keep you from getting locked
out when you come from different IP addresses. At this point you should
remove the temporary ExitNodes configuration from torrc.

Add a filter to prevent registrations from being marked as spam. Click
on the gear icon, and select "Settings". Select "Filters" and add a new
filter. For "Containing the words:" insert "in:spam". You will get a
warning that says it will not match any incoming messages; this appears
to be wrong and you can click through it.
